README.md, before:

# Running

## Front end
Install [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/#mac-stable)

To run the frontend:
```bash
cd web
yarn dev
```



## Back end
[Install Rust/Cargo](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)

Then install `cargo-watch` with
```bash
cargo install cargo-watch
```

To run the backend:
```bash
cd api
cargo watch -x run
```

# Tasks
Address `TODO` comments.

Begin with those related to `GeneViewer` in `web`.
The gene viewer should show genes as blocks on a line.

Something along the lines of (just a single one of the lines with blocks, buttons not necessary at all):

![vis](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/saIIaETgUW0/maxresdefault.jpg)

The molecular viewer is already given `x` and `y` coordinates of the atoms in a molecular structure.
Bonds are represented as pairs of atom indices and a multiplicity denoting the order of the bond (single, double, triple, etc.).
An example molecule drawing is here:

![mol](https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2F36gu5d4dxary1824ba1o7kkq6uc-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com%2Fhelp%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsites%2F2%2F2019%2F06%2FCompound1.png&f=1&nofb=1)

Note that carbons are not explicitly shown but all other atoms are.

If you have questions please email me at `mguler@cmu.edu`.

Follow best git and software development practices.

Commit message:

Readme_updated
Updated the read me with what I've done

README.md, after:

# Running

## A NOTE:
The code has been running for me consistently, and I'm consistently getting this result: 

![Screenshot](Output.png)

If for some reason geneviewer is not working, the first thing to do is to go into the main function in main.rs and change "mol" to "gene" and "8095" to "8080", and run the backend once like that, before changing it back. However, I've tried several tests and it has been working consistently, so I don't know if that's needed or not. 

## Front end
Install [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/#mac-stable)

To run the frontend:
```bash
cd web
yarn dev
```



## Back end
[Install Rust/Cargo](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)

Then install `cargo-watch` with
```bash
cargo install cargo-watch
```

To run the backend:
```bash
cd api
cargo watch -x run
```

# Tasks
Address `TODO` comments.

Begin with those related to `GeneViewer` in `web`.
The gene viewer should show genes as blocks on a line.

Something along the lines of (just a single one of the lines with blocks, buttons not necessary at all):

![vis](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/saIIaETgUW0/maxresdefault.jpg)

The molecular viewer is already given `x` and `y` coordinates of the atoms in a molecular structure.
Bonds are represented as pairs of atom indices and a multiplicity denoting the order of the bond (single, double, triple, etc.).
An example molecule drawing is here:

![mol](https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2F36gu5d4dxary1824ba1o7kkq6uc-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com%2Fhelp%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsites%2F2%2F2019%2F06%2FCompound1.png&f=1&nofb=1)

Note that carbons are not explicitly shown but all other atoms are.

If you have questions please email me at `mguler@cmu.edu`.

Follow best git and software development practices.
